c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoComponent\bin\Debug\VideoComponent.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoComponent\bin\Debug\VideoComponent.pdb
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoComponent\bin\Debug\Common.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoComponent\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ComponentModel.Composition.Initialization.Desktop.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoComponent\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoComponent\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Interactivity.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoComponent\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.UnityExtensions.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoComponent\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoComponent\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoComponent\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.Net20.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoComponent\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoComponent\bin\Debug\Common.pdb
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoComponent\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoComponent\bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoComponent\bin\Debug\en\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoComponent\bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoComponent\bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoComponent\bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoComponent\bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoComponent\bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoComponent\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoComponent\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoComponent\obj\Debug\VideoComponent.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoComponent\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoComponent\obj\Debug\VideoComponent_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoComponent\obj\Debug\VideoComponent_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoComponent\obj\Debug\Themes\Generic.baml
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoComponent\obj\Debug\VideoComponent.g.resources
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoComponent\obj\Debug\VideoComponent.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoComponent\obj\Debug\VideoComponent.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoComponent\obj\Debug\VideoComponent.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoComponent\obj\Debug\VideoComponent.pdb
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VideoComponent\bin\Debug\VideoComponent.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VideoComponent\bin\Debug\VideoComponent.pdb
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VideoComponent\bin\Debug\Common.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VideoComponent\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ComponentModel.Composition.Initialization.Desktop.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VideoComponent\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VideoComponent\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VideoComponent\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.UnityExtensions.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VideoComponent\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VideoComponent\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VideoComponent\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.Net20.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VideoComponent\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VideoComponent\bin\Debug\Common.pdb
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VideoComponent\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VideoComponent\bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VideoComponent\bin\Debug\en\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VideoComponent\bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VideoComponent\bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VideoComponent\bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VideoComponent\bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VideoComponent\bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VideoComponent\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VideoComponent\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VideoComponent\obj\Debug\VideoComponent.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VideoComponent\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VideoComponent\obj\Debug\VideoComponent_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VideoComponent\obj\Debug\VideoComponent_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VideoComponent\obj\Debug\Themes\Generic.baml
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VideoComponent\obj\Debug\VideoComponent.g.resources
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VideoComponent\obj\Debug\VideoComponent.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VideoComponent\obj\Debug\VideoComponent.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VideoComponent\obj\Debug\VideoComponent.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VideoComponent\obj\Debug\VideoComponent.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VideoComponent\obj\Debug\VideoComponent.pdb
