c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\MoviesSubtitle\bin\Debug\MoviesSubtitle.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\MoviesSubtitle\bin\Debug\MoviesSubtitle.pdb
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\MoviesSubtitle\bin\Debug\Common.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\MoviesSubtitle\bin\Debug\VideoComponent.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\MoviesSubtitle\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\MoviesSubtitle\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.Net20.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\MoviesSubtitle\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\MoviesSubtitle\bin\Debug\Common.pdb
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\MoviesSubtitle\bin\Debug\VideoComponent.pdb
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\MoviesSubtitle\obj\Debug\MoviesSubtitle.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\MoviesSubtitle\obj\Debug\View\SubtitleView.g.cs
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\MoviesSubtitle\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\MoviesSubtitle\obj\Debug\MoviesSubtitle_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\MoviesSubtitle\obj\Debug\MoviesSubtitle_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\MoviesSubtitle\obj\Debug\Themes\Generic.baml
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\MoviesSubtitle\obj\Debug\View\SubtitleView.baml
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\MoviesSubtitle\obj\Debug\MoviesSubtitle.g.resources
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\MoviesSubtitle\obj\Debug\MoviesSubtitle.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\MoviesSubtitle\obj\Debug\MoviesSubtitle.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\MoviesSubtitle\obj\Debug\MoviesSubtitle.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\MoviesSubtitle\obj\Debug\MoviesSubtitle.pdb
