c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoPlayer\obj\Debug\VideoPlayer.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoPlayer\obj\Debug\View\MediaController.g.cs
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoPlayer\obj\Debug\View\PlaylistView.g.cs
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoPlayer\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoPlayer\obj\Debug\VideoPlayer_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoPlayer\obj\Debug\VideoPlayer_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoPlayer\bin\Debug\VideoPlayer.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoPlayer\bin\Debug\VideoPlayer.pdb
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoPlayer\bin\Debug\Common.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoPlayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ComponentModel.Composition.Initialization.Desktop.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoPlayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoPlayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Interactivity.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoPlayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.UnityExtensions.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoPlayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoPlayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoPlayer\bin\Debug\MoviesSubtitle.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoPlayer\bin\Debug\VideoComponent.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoPlayer\bin\Debug\VirtualizingListView.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoPlayer\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.Net20.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoPlayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.Shell.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoPlayer\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoPlayer\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoPlayer\bin\Debug\Common.pdb
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoPlayer\bin\Debug\MoviesSubtitle.pdb
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoPlayer\bin\Debug\VideoComponent.pdb
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoPlayer\bin\Debug\VirtualizingListView.pdb
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoPlayer\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoPlayer\bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoPlayer\bin\Debug\en\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoPlayer\bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoPlayer\bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoPlayer\bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoPlayer\bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoPlayer\bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoPlayer\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoPlayer\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoPlayer\obj\Debug\View\SubtitleMediaController.g.cs
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoPlayer\obj\Debug\Themes\Generic.baml
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoPlayer\obj\Debug\View\MediaController.baml
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoPlayer\obj\Debug\View\PlaylistView.baml
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoPlayer\obj\Debug\View\SubtitleMediaController.baml
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoPlayer\obj\Debug\VideoPlayer.g.resources
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoPlayer\obj\Debug\VideoPlayer.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoPlayer\obj\Debug\VideoPlayer.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoPlayer\obj\Debug\VideoPlayer.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VideoPlayer\obj\Debug\VideoPlayer.pdb
