c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\VirtualizingListView.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\VirtualizingListView.pdb
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\Common.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ComponentModel.Composition.Initialization.Desktop.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Interactivity.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.UnityExtensions.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.Shell.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\VideoComponent.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.Net20.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\Common.pdb
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\VideoComponent.pdb
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\en\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\VirtualizingListView.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\View\FileExplorer.g.cs
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\View\FileView.g.cs
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\View\MyTreeView.g.cs
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\View\PlaylistTree.g.cs
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\View\RenameDialog.g.cs
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\VirtualizingListView_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\VirtualizingListView_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\Resources\Items.baml
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\Resources\ViewStyle.baml
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\Themes\Generic.baml
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\View\FileExplorer.baml
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\View\FileView.baml
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\View\MyTreeView.baml
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\View\PlaylistTree.baml
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\View\RenameDialog.baml
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\VirtualizingListView.g.resources
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\VirtualizingListView.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\VirtualizingListView.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\VirtualizingListView.dll
c:\Users\eadwintoochos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Movies\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\VirtualizingListView.pdb
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\VirtualizingListView.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\VirtualizingListView.pdb
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\Common.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ComponentModel.Composition.Initialization.Desktop.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.UnityExtensions.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.Shell.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\VideoComponent.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.Net20.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\Common.pdb
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\VideoComponent.pdb
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\en\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\VirtualizingListView.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\View\FileExplorer.g.cs
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\View\FileView.g.cs
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\View\MyTreeView.g.cs
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\View\PlaylistTree.g.cs
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\View\RenameDialog.g.cs
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\VirtualizingListView_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\VirtualizingListView_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\Resources\Items.baml
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\Resources\ViewStyle.baml
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\Themes\Generic.baml
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\View\FileExplorer.baml
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\View\FileView.baml
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\View\MyTreeView.baml
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\View\PlaylistTree.baml
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\View\RenameDialog.baml
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\VirtualizingListView.g.resources
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\VirtualizingListView.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\VirtualizingListView.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\VirtualizingListView.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\VirtualizingListView.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\VirtualizingListView.pdb
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\VirtualizingListView.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\VirtualizingListView.pdb
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\Common.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ComponentModel.Composition.Initialization.Desktop.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.UnityExtensions.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAPICodePack.Shell.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\VideoComponent.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.Net20.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\Common.pdb
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\VideoComponent.pdb
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\en\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\VirtualizingListView.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\View\FileExplorer.g.cs
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\View\FileView.g.cs
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\View\MyTreeView.g.cs
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\View\PlaylistTree.g.cs
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\View\RenameDialog.g.cs
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\VirtualizingListView_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\VirtualizingListView_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\Resources\Items.baml
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\Resources\ViewStyle.baml
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\Themes\Generic.baml
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\View\FileExplorer.baml
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\View\FileView.baml
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\View\MyTreeView.baml
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\View\PlaylistTree.baml
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\View\RenameDialog.baml
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\VirtualizingListView.g.resources
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\VirtualizingListView.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\VirtualizingListView.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\VirtualizingListView.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\VirtualizingListView.dll
C:\Users\EadwinToochos\Desktop\Desktop\Movie-Player-WPF.NET-\VirtualizingListView\obj\Debug\VirtualizingListView.pdb
